Update api.md (#1681)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/api.md

| `storeLastMeasure` | ✓ | `boolean` | | Store in device last measure received. See more info
[in this section](admin.md#storelastmeasure). False by default.
                  |

> | `lastMeasure` | ✓ | `object` | | last measure stored om device quen storeLastMeasure is enabled. See more info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lastMeasure` | ✓ | `object` | | last measure stored on device when `storeLastMeasure` is enabled. See more info
```
